pages/common/curl.md, before:

# curl

> Transfers data from or to a server.
> Supports most protocols, including HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SCP, etc.
> See also: `wget`.
> More information: <https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html>.

- Make an HTTP GET request and dump the contents in `stdout`:

`curl {{https://example.com}}`

- Make an HTTP GET request, follow any `3xx` redirects, and dump the reply headers and contents to `stdout`:

`curl {{[-L|--location]}} {{[-D|--dump-header]}} - {{https://example.com}}`

- Download a file, saving the output under the filename indicated by the URL:

`curl {{[-O|--remote-name]}} {{https://example.com/filename.zip}}`

- Send form-encoded data (POST request of type `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`). Use `--data @file_name` or `--data @'-'` to read from `stdin`:

`curl {{[-X|--request]}} POST {{[-d|--data]}} '{{name=bob}}' {{http://example.com/form}}`

- Send a request with an extra header, using a custom HTTP method and over a proxy (such as BurpSuite), ignoring insecure self-signed certificates:

`curl {{[-k|--insecure]}} {{[-x|--proxy]}} {{http://127.0.0.1:8080}} {{[-H|--header]}} '{{Authorization: Bearer token}}' {{[-X|--request]}} {{GET|PUT|POST|DELETE|PATCH|...}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Send data in JSON format, specifying the appropriate Content-Type header:

`curl {{[-d|--data]}} '{{{"name":"bob"}}}' {{[-H|--header]}} '{{Content-Type: application/json}}' {{http://example.com/users/1234}}`

- Pass client certificate and private key for the request, skipping certificate validation:

`curl {{[-E|--cert]}} {{client.pem}} --key {{key.pem}} {{[-k|--insecure]}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Resolve a hostname to a custom IP address, with verbose output (similar to editing the `/etc/hosts` file for custom DNS resolution):

`curl {{[-v|--verbose]}} --resolve {{example.com}}:{{80}}:{{127.0.0.1}} {{http://example.com}}`

Commit message:

Improve multiple pages: fix typos, add examples, and new commands
- uniq: fix grammar error 'from a input' -> 'from an input'
- sed: add comprehensive examples for in-place editing, deletion, and line operations
- curl: add download with progress bar and resume capability example
- docker: update shell example and add system cleanup command
- find: add example for finding files modified within specific time periods
- git: improve description and add git log example
- jless: add new page for JSON viewer tool
- difftastic: add new page for structural diff tool

pages/common/curl.md, after:

# curl

> Transfers data from or to a server.
> Supports most protocols, including HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, SCP, etc.
> See also: `wget`.
> More information: <https://curl.se/docs/manpage.html>.

- Make an HTTP GET request and dump the contents in `stdout`:

`curl {{https://example.com}}`

- Make an HTTP GET request, follow any `3xx` redirects, and dump the reply headers and contents to `stdout`:

`curl {{[-L|--location]}} {{[-D|--dump-header]}} - {{https://example.com}}`

- Download a file, saving the output under the filename indicated by the URL:

`curl {{[-O|--remote-name]}} {{https://example.com/filename.zip}}`

- Download a file with progress bar and resume capability if the download was interrupted:

`curl {{[-C|--continue-at]}} - {{[-#|--progress-bar]}} {{[-O|--remote-name]}} {{https://example.com/filename.zip}}` 

- Send form-encoded data (POST request of type `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`). Use `--data @file_name` or `--data @'-'` to read from `stdin`:

`curl {{[-X|--request]}} POST {{[-d|--data]}} '{{name=bob}}' {{http://example.com/form}}`

- Send a request with an extra header, using a custom HTTP method and over a proxy (such as BurpSuite), ignoring insecure self-signed certificates:

`curl {{[-k|--insecure]}} {{[-x|--proxy]}} {{http://127.0.0.1:8080}} {{[-H|--header]}} '{{Authorization: Bearer token}}' {{[-X|--request]}} {{GET|PUT|POST|DELETE|PATCH|...}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Send data in JSON format, specifying the appropriate Content-Type header:

`curl {{[-d|--data]}} '{{{"name":"bob"}}}' {{[-H|--header]}} '{{Content-Type: application/json}}' {{http://example.com/users/1234}}`

- Pass client certificate and private key for the request, skipping certificate validation:

`curl {{[-E|--cert]}} {{client.pem}} --key {{key.pem}} {{[-k|--insecure]}} {{https://example.com}}`

- Resolve a hostname to a custom IP address, with verbose output (similar to editing the `/etc/hosts` file for custom DNS resolution):

`curl {{[-v|--verbose]}} --resolve {{example.com}}:{{80}}:{{127.0.0.1}} {{http://example.com}}`
