pages/common/pandoc.md, before:

# pandoc

> Convert documents between various formats.
> More information: <https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html>.

- Convert a Markdown file to PDF using `pdflatex` (the formats are determined by file extensions):

`pandoc {{path/to/input.md}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.pdf}}`

- Convert a Markdown file to PDF using the specified PDF engine:

`pandoc {{path/to/input.md}} --pdf-engine {{tectonic|weasyprint|typst|...}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.pdf}}`

- Convert to a standalone file with the appropriate headers/footers (for LaTeX, HTML, etc.):

`pandoc {{path/to/input.md}} {{[-s|--standalone]}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.html}}`

- Manually specify formats (overriding automatic format detection using the filename extension, or when there is no extension):

`pandoc {{[-f|--from]}} {{docx|...}} {{path/to/input}} {{[-t|--to]}} {{pdf|...}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output}}`

- Transform a document using a Lua script (see <https://pandoc.org/lua-filters.html> for more information):

`pandoc {{path/to/input}} {{[-L|--lua-filter]}} {{path/to/filter.lua}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output}}`

- List all supported input formats:

`pandoc --list-input-formats`

- List all supported output formats:

`pandoc --list-output-formats`

Commit message:

pandoc: document stdin/stdout usage and add example for remote source files

pages/common/pandoc.md, after:

# pandoc

> Convert documents between various formats.
> More information: <https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html>.

- Convert a Markdown file to PDF using `pdflatex` (the formats are determined by file extensions):

`pandoc {{path/to/input.md}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.pdf}}`

- Convert the output from another command to PDF, using a specific PDF engine:

`{{command}} | pandoc --pdf-engine {{tectonic|weasyprint|typst|...}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.pdf}}`

- Convert to a standalone file with the appropriate headers/footers (for LaTeX, HTML, etc.):

`pandoc {{path/to/input.md}} {{[-s|--standalone]}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output.html}}`

- Manually specify formats (overriding automatic format detection using the filename extension, or when there is no extension):

`pandoc {{[-f|--from]}} {{docx|...}} {{path/to/input}} {{[-t|--to]}} {{pdf|...}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output}}`

- Transform a document using a Lua script (see <https://pandoc.org/lua-filters.html> for more information):

`pandoc {{path/to/input}} {{[-L|--lua-filter]}} {{path/to/filter.lua}} {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/output}}`

- Convert a remote HTML file to markdown and print the result to `stdout`:

`pandoc {{[-f|--from]}} {{html}} {{[-t|--to]}} {{markdown}} {{https://example.com}}`

- List all supported input formats:

`pandoc --list-input-formats`

- List all supported output formats:

`pandoc --list-output-formats`
