
# fstab

>/etc/fstab automatically mounts partitions with different options.
>It is not a command, but a text file you edit with an editor of choice.
>More information: <https://manned.org/fstab>.
>DO NOT edit this file if you don't know what you're doing.

- The file is seperated into different sections for each partition you want to auto-mount:

>UUID/Label | Directory to mount to | Type of the partition | Options for mounting | Dump | Order in which partitions are read by 'fsck'

- UUID/Label

>Here you put the "UUID" of the partition you wish to auto-mount. You can get the UUID by running:
`sudo blkid`
>You can also define this with Partition Labels, if you have that.

- Directory

>Tell fstab where to mount your partition to, for example:
`/media/Harddrive`
>Be aware that the directory needs to exist before you can mount to it. Create the directory you want with 'mkdir'.

- Type of the partition

>Put the type of your partition here. To figure out what partition type your partition is, run:
`sudo blkid`

- Options for mounting

>Here you can tell fstab what additional settings you want to mount your partition with. For example:
`defaults -> Mounts with all default options (see manpage)`
`exec -> Allow programs to be run`
`users -> All users are able to auto-mount this partition`
>Seperate each option with , (without spaces inbetween)

- Dump/Pass

>These Options aren't as important, you can just set them both to 0.
>Dump:
>Pass: Tell fstab which partitions to check first on boot (with fsck).
