_complete_tldr() 
{
    local cur prev opts
    COMPREPLY=()
    cur="${COMP_WORDS[COMP_CWORD]}"
    prev="${COMP_WORDS[COMP_CWORD-1]}"
    opts="nginx who 7z pngcrush git-config git-checkout find c99 skicka ar srm
id parallel transcode cloc xcv scp uptime chsh adb git-merge git-log comm enca
redis-cli npm curl csvclean base32 jar salt-key tac tldr csvpy mp4box readlink
haxelib subliminal drush while more slackcat mocha ln zsh gem vimtutor crontab
lwp-request mtr pg_dump openssl nix-env rm php cd csvstat mitmproxy arp gunzip
route wget patch git-commit socat tee handbrakecli svn mysqldump espeak pushd xz
java w rsync git-clone cp sed ed zip pyenv awk date git-init cut tail tmux
git-status iconv pgrep dhcpwn man nohup 7za http ionice mmv ioping git-diff zcat
nmap odps-auth fswebcam odps-inst apm montage tcpdump cabal emacs autossh
strings mkfifo sftp exiftool x_x kill touch git-imerge for git-svn env
ebook-convert tree sshfs psql mv sendmail screen su inkscape git-submodule
whoami git-rm axel jhat salt-run tr git-rebase pg_restore jstack watch echo sum
grep gzip bashmarks odps-tunnel basename nvm sh pdflatex gdb convert csvformat
ack yes git-push visudo csvgrep traceroute git-mv qemu node pandoc rustc
ifconfig clang wc license lpstat latexmk salt-call git-stash odps-resource
history pv pigz zbarimg ssh pkill fdupes sails uniq python wait mysql zdb sleep
mpc base64 virtualenv read nano play vagrant gulp pwd meteor git-blame paste
csvcut salt fortune sl git sox dokku unzip atom ps odps-table autojump bg ghc
docker rmdir bundle youtube-dl cal tty odps diff gpg tldrl shred unrar cowsay
renice sort zless hub which sudo convmv mongo deluser seq git-branch jmap make
ls git-remote dig git-pull csvlook quota tar gcc electrum ag zfs rename zpool
gifsicle mdp time pass passwd ufraw-batch odps-func webpack glances chmod nice
file dirs fsck mailx last csvsort cat chown tput printf javac optipng alias hn
split lp gradle phpize ipcs if redshift umount bc nc tabula mkdir cksum cargo
ssh-keygen test uname fg phpunit less host w3m cmp pip mount git-fetch 7zr
aria2c jobs lsof ping bmaptool mitmdump calibre-server cordova df avrdude ab vim
git-tag apropos sass chgrp bower xargs telnet fzf calibredb in2csv bash git-add
ffmpeg umask htop mkfs.minix fuser archey xsetwacom xclip apt-key shutdown mdadm
run-mailcap top xinput edit dpkg-query sha1sum hostname pkgadd xrandr chattr
pkginfo dpkg prt-get fc-match ssh-copy-id journalctl equery mkfs.cramfs wall ss
notify-send iptables getent iostat du sha384sum screenfetch halt usermod userdel
head chroot watch free see mkfs.exfat dd yum expr strace nm mkfs.fat md5sum
ltrace expand pacman print unexpand pkgrm systemd-analyze mkfs.vfat ulimit
mkfs.ntfs xsel sysctl ip sha224sum ports sha512sum yaourt fc-pattern systemctl
compose cryptsetup at firewall-cmd tcpflow reboot pkgmk sort mke2fs apt-cache
useradd wpa_cli timedatectl bzip2 locate dnf zypper ufw aptitude findmnt shuf
lsb_release nethogs ifup lsblk emerge netstat jobs apt-get lsattr pwgen rpm
sha256sum hwclock ifdown devfsadm svccfg prctl svcs prstat svcadm archey pbpaste
brew shutdown sw_vers top route qlmanage w xed hostname sed mdfind look
system_profiler xctool du caffeinate head pbcopy dd nm diskutil wacaw open
base64 sysctl airport networksetup locate defaults ditto say drutil netstat md5
systemsetup xsltproc xattr"

    if [[ ${cur} == * ]] ; then
        COMPREPLY=( $(compgen -W "${opts}" -- ${cur}) )
        return 0
    fi  
}
complete -F _complete_tldr tldr
