contributing-guides/git-terminal.md, before:

# Opening a Pull Request

Most people submit pull requests to the tldr-pages project
[using GitHub's web interface][pr-howto].

If you prefer, you can do most of the process using the command-line instead.
The overall process should look somewhat like this:

1. Fork the tldr-pages/tldr repository on the GitHub web interface.

2. Clone your fork locally:
  `git clone https://github.com/{{your_username}}/tldr.git && cd tldr`

3. Create a feature branch, e.g. named after the command you plan to edit:
  `git checkout -b {{branch_name}}`

  > :warning: It is bad practice to submit a PR from the `main` branch of your forked repository. Please create pull requests from a well named feature branch.

4. Make your changes (edit existing files or create new ones)

5. Commit the changes (following the [commit message guidelines][commit-msg]):
  `git commit --all -m "{{commit_message}}"`

6. Push the commit(s) to your fork:
  `git push origin {{branch_name}}`

  > :warning: Please avoid force-pushing since it makes the review process harder.

7. Go to the GitHub page for your fork and click the green "Compare & pull request" button.

Please only send related changes in the same pull request.
Typically a pull request will include changes in a single file **unless the pull request is introducing translations**.
(Exceptions are [occasionally acceptable][mass-changes])

[pr-howto]: ../CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-a-pull-request
[commit-msg]: ../CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message
[mass-changes]: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pulls?&q=is:pr+is:merged+label:"mass+changes"

# Updating your fork

Forks of GitHub repositories aren't updated automatically. To keep your fork up-to-date with the latest changes and avoid merge conflicts, you should update it regularly.

There are two ways to update your fork.

1. Via the GitHub web interface. Click `Fetch upstream` and then `Fetch and merge` on the fork as shown below:

![Fetch and merge button in GitHub](../images/github-fetch-and-merge-button.png)

2. Using Git in the terminal:

```bash
git checkout main
git remote add upstream https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr.git  # only run if you don't already have the upstream remote (check with "git remote -v")
git fetch upstream main
git rebase upstream/main     # in case you have any merge conflicts, click the link below to see how to resolve them
git push --force-with-lease  # not needed if you only want to update your local repository
```
[How to resolve merge conflicts](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/addressing-merge-conflicts/resolving-a-merge-conflict-using-the-command-line)

# Changing the email of your last commit

If the email that you used for the last commit isn't associated with your GitHub account, you can either add it [here](https://github.com/settings/emails) or change the email of the commit with the following commands:

```bash
git commit --amend --author="Your Name <new.email@example.com>"
git push --force-with-lease
```

# Changing the email of any commit(s)

1. Perform an [interactive rebase](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#Documentation/git-rebase.txt--i), specifying the reference of the earliest commit to modify as the argument. For example, if the earliest commit with the wrong email address was 6 commits ago, you can specify the commit hash or just `HEAD~6`.

```bash
git rebase --interactive HEAD~6
```

2. You'll see a list of commits starting from the referenced commit to `HEAD`. All of them will default to the instruction `pick`, this means use the commit as-is when replaying them. For the commits you want to edit, replace the word `pick` for `edit`, then save and exit the editor.

3. The branch will rewind to the referenced commit, then replay them until it reaches a commit with the `edit` instruction. Amend the commit for the correct email address, then continue rebasing. Repeat this step until you've successfully finishing rebasing and replayed all commits.

```bash
git commit --amend --author "Your Name <correct@example.org>"
git rebase --continue
```

4. Finally, because you modified the branch history, you'll need to force push back to your remote repository.

```bash
git push --force-with-lease
```

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fFMZzQOgJyfUf8HTnXyRj0v02.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fFMZzQOgJyfUf8HTnXyRj0v02)

# Editorconfig and Windows

There is an issue that could arise when you clone the repository under Windows and use an editor which honors the settings in the `.editorconfig` file. With the default configuration, when you initially clone the repository, Git checks out files converting line endings to `CRLF`. Later, when you edit some file, or just save it without any modifications, your editor converts line endings to `LF` as per configuration in the `.editorconfig`. This causes the confusion, making Git mark the files as modified whereas they are not and issue the following warnings on `git diff` and `git add`:

```
warning: LF will be replaced by CRLF in...
```

To handle this problem, you need to clone the repository using the command:

```sh
git clone --config core.eol=lf <repository>
```

If you've already cloned the repository, and don't want to repeat the whole process (if, for example, you've already made some modifications), you can fix it using the following commands. Be careful as those commands are potentially dangerous and you can lose your unfinished work in the current repository!

```sh
git config --local core.eol lf
git stash push
git rm -rfq --cached .
git reset --hard HEAD
git stash pop --index
```

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
Co-authored-by: Axel Navarro <navarroaxel@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Waldir Pimenta <waldyrious@gmail.com>

contributing-guides/git-terminal.md, after:

# Opening a Pull Request

Most people submit pull requests to the tldr-pages project
[using GitHub's web interface][pr-howto].

If you prefer, you can do most of the process using the command-line instead.
The overall process should look somewhat like this:

1. Fork the tldr-pages/tldr repository on the GitHub web interface.

2. Clone your fork locally:
  `git clone https://github.com/{{your_username}}/tldr.git && cd tldr`

3. Create a feature branch, e.g. named after the command you plan to edit:
  `git checkout -b {{branch_name}}`

  > :warning: It is bad practice to submit a PR from the `main` branch of your forked repository. Please create pull requests from a well named feature branch.

4. Make your changes (edit existing files or create new ones)

5. Commit the changes (following the [commit message guidelines][commit-msg]):
  `git commit --all -m "{{commit_message}}"`

6. Push the commit(s) to your fork:
  `git push origin {{branch_name}}`

  > :warning: Please avoid force-pushing since it makes the review process harder.

7. Go to the GitHub page for your fork and click the green "Compare & pull request" button.

Please only send related changes in the same pull request.
Typically a pull request will include changes in a single file **unless the pull request is introducing translations**.
(Exceptions are [occasionally acceptable][mass-changes])

[pr-howto]: ../CONTRIBUTING.md#submitting-a-pull-request
[commit-msg]: ../CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message
[mass-changes]: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pulls?&q=is:pr+is:merged+label:"mass+changes"

# Updating your fork

Forks of GitHub repositories aren't updated automatically. To keep your fork up-to-date with the latest changes and avoid merge conflicts, you should update it regularly.

There are two ways to update your fork.

1. Via the GitHub web interface. Click `Fetch upstream` and then `Fetch and merge` on the fork as shown below:

![Fetch and merge button in GitHub](../images/github-fetch-and-merge-button.png)

2. Using Git in the terminal:

```bash
git checkout main
git remote add upstream https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr.git  # only run if you don't already have the upstream remote (check with "git remote -v")
git fetch upstream main
git rebase upstream/main     # in case you have any merge conflicts, click the link below to see how to resolve them
git push --force-with-lease  # not needed if you only want to update your local repository
```
[How to resolve merge conflicts](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/addressing-merge-conflicts/resolving-a-merge-conflict-using-the-command-line)

# Changing the email of your last commit

If the email that you used for the last commit isn't associated with your GitHub account, you can either add it [here](https://github.com/settings/emails) or change the email of the commit with the following commands:

```bash
git commit --amend --author="Your Name <new.email@example.com>"
git push --force-with-lease
```

# Changing the email of any commit(s)

1. Perform an [interactive rebase](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#Documentation/git-rebase.txt--i), specifying the reference of the earliest commit to modify as the argument. For example, if the earliest commit with the wrong email address was 6 commits ago, you can specify the commit hash or just `HEAD~6`.

```bash
git rebase --interactive HEAD~6
```

2. You'll see a list of commits starting from the referenced commit to `HEAD`. All of them will default to the instruction `pick`, this means use the commit as-is when replaying them. For the commits you want to edit, replace the word `pick` for `edit`, then save and exit the editor.

3. The branch will rewind to the referenced commit, then replay them until it reaches a commit with the `edit` instruction. Amend the commit for the correct email address, then continue rebasing. Repeat this step until you've successfully finishing rebasing and replayed all commits.

```bash
git commit --amend --author "Your Name <correct@example.org>"
git rebase --continue
```

4. Finally, because you modified the branch history, you'll need to force push back to your remote repository.

```bash
git push --force-with-lease
```

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/fFMZzQOgJyfUf8HTnXyRj0v02.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/fFMZzQOgJyfUf8HTnXyRj0v02)

# Editorconfig and Windows

There is an issue that could arise when you clone the repository under Windows and use an editor which honors the settings in the `.editorconfig` file. With the default configuration, when you initially clone the repository, Git checks out files converting line endings to `CRLF`. Later, when you edit some file, or just save it without any modifications, your editor converts line endings to `LF` as per configuration in the `.editorconfig`. This causes the confusion, making Git mark the files as modified whereas they are not and issue the following warnings on `git diff` and `git add`:

```
warning: LF will be replaced by CRLF in...
```

To handle this problem, you need to clone the repository using the command:

```sh
git clone --config core.eol=lf {{remote_repository_location}}
```

If you've already cloned the repository, and don't want to repeat the whole process (if, for example, you've already made some modifications), you can fix the issue using the following commands. Be careful as these commands are potentially dangerous and you can lose your unfinished work in the current repository!

```sh
# set line feed (LF) as end of line
git config --local core.eol lf
# stash any local changes (if the working tree is clean, skip this step and the last one)
git stash push
# remove all the files under version control from index
git rm -rfq --cached .
# update all the files in index and working tree without converting LF to CRLF, as per new option value
git reset --hard HEAD
# restore the previous state from stash
git stash pop --index
```
